update os name. reported by translator zakooch, thanks! (#1178)
micahflee/onionshare: docs/source/tor.rst

> Open OnionShare. Click the Settings icon. Under "How should OnionShare connect to Tor?" choose "Connect using control port", and set the control port host to ``127.0.0.1`` and the port to ``9051``. Under "Tor authentication options" choose "Password" and set the password to your password, in my case ``comprised stumble rummage work avenging construct volatile``. Click the "Test Settings" button. If all goes well, you should see successfully connected to tor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open OnionShare. Click the "Settings" icon. Under "How should OnionShare connect to Tor?" choose "Connect using control port", and set the control port host to ``127.0.0.1`` and the port to ``9051``. Under "Tor authentication settings" choose "Password", and set your password. A good and memorable one could look something like: ``comprised stumble rummage work avenging construct volatile``. Click the "Test Connection to Tor" button. If all goes well, you should see "Connected to the Tor controller".
```
As per
https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/onionshare/translations/en/?checksum=f9d1460ed676c508 ?
https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/onionshare/translations/en/?checksum=557d0b8b5683bc87 ?
https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/onionshare/translations/en/?checksum=eb4118378382ffd0 ?

Using a system Tor in macOS
---------------------------

> First, install `Homebrew <http://brew.sh/>`_ if you don't already have it. Then, install Tor::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ if you don't already have it. Then, install Tor::
```

Author: I think this belongs to another merge request
